Security Page Refactor (#4815)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver: SECURITY.md

# Reporting a potential Vulnerability.
<!-- Short intro. -->
We take the security of our project seriously, and we encourage responsible disclosure of any vulnerabilities that may be found. To facilitate this process, we have established the following vulnerability reporting process. 

We appreciate your efforts to disclose your findings responsibly.

##### 1. Reporting Channel

> If you believe you have discovered a vulnerability in our project, please email us at security@btcpayserver.org . Alternatively, you may report the vulnerability to us through [huntr.dev](https://huntr.dev/repos/btcpayserver/btcpayserver/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe you have discovered a vulnerability in our project, please email us at `security@btcpayserver.org`. Alternatively, you may report the vulnerability to us through [huntr.dev](https://huntr.dev/repos/btcpayserver/btcpayserver/).
```

Additional context: In the dev meeting we said that we want to evaluate how to maybe reduce this to one single communication channel. Open discussion on aslo evaluating [GitHub security vulnerability submission on the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)

Please allow for up to 2 business days for an acknowledgement of receipt. If you receive no response within 2 business days, please follow up via email to ensure the original message was received.

Upon review of your report, you may be asked to provide additional information or guidance.

<!--TODO: If available, add link to PGP key used to read security report emails.-->

##### 2. In-Scope
<!-- What's in scope? Any repo in our org for example. -->
We welcome reports of vulnerabilities in repositories owned by the [BTCPay Server Github Organization](https://github.com/btcpayserver). This includes any issues related to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of systems or data in these systems.

##### 3. Out of Scope
<!-- What's out of scope? Thinking here about custom deployments, plugins that are not created by BTCPay (this includes kukks plugins that should be reported to him directly). -->

> 1. Any BTCPay Server deployment that has been customized in any way. To facilitate reproducibility, please verify that the BTCPay Server instance is based on the un-altered source-code or [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/btcpayserver/btcpayserver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any BTCPay Server deployment that has been customized in any way. To facilitate reproducibility, please verify that the BTCPay Server instance is based on the un-altered source-code or [Docker deployment](https://docs.btcpayserver.org/Docker/).
```
